README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jojomondag/MyIconsForMyProjects/e4c9eb892cca0e9a9f3a9d1792cc890ac051d10d/SyntaxExtractor256x256.png" width="200" height="200">
</p>

Hello there! 🙌 Thanks for dropping by. I'm thrilled to introduce to you my pet project, the **Syntax Extractor**. Born out of countless hours navigating through messy code and folders, and the sheer need to communicate effectively with language models, this tool might just be the breather you've been looking for.

## 🌟 Features

1. **Deep Dive Extraction** - Extract from folders, subfolders, files all text.

2. **Syntax Tree Transformation** - It's not just about pulling out the code. Watch as entire folders and files transform into a beautiful syntax tree text representation. Visual learners, rejoice!
   
3. **Clipboard Convenience** - Say goodbye to endless copy-pasting. With a click, your extracted syntax is ready to go wherever you want.
   
4. **Seamless Language Model Communication** - Are you into language models? We've got you. My tool enhances the communication speed between your code and the AI, making conversations fluid.
   

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Download the tool from https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JosefNobach.syntax-extractor.
   
2. Select your desired folder or file in the Explorer and right-click to select 'extractAndCopyText or extractFileFolderTree'.
   
3. Syntax extractor automatically walks through all directories and extracts All code from any Language.

## 💌 Feedback and Suggestions

This project is close to my heart, and I've poured hours into it. But it's not perfect (yet!). I would genuinely appreciate your feedback or any cool ideas to make it better. Feel free to open an issue, send a pull request, or even shoot me a direct message.

---

With love,  
Josef Nobach.

---

Commit message:

Adding video to Readme
Readme Gihtub Repo video test.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jojomondag/MyIconsForMyProjects/e4c9eb892cca0e9a9f3a9d1792cc890ac051d10d/SyntaxExtractor256x256.png" width="200" height="200">
</p>

Hello there! 🙌 Thanks for dropping by. I'm thrilled to introduce to you my pet project, the **Syntax Extractor**. Born out of countless hours navigating through messy code and folders, and the sheer need to communicate effectively with language models, this tool might just be the breather you've been looking for.

## 🌟 Features

1. **Deep Dive Extraction** - Extract all text from marked folders, subfolders, and files.

2. **Syntax Tree Transformation** - It's not just about pulling out the code. Watch as entire folders and files transform into a beautiful syntax tree text representation. Visual learners, rejoice!
   
3. **Clipboard Convenience** - Say goodbye to endless copy-pasting. With a click, your extracted syntax is ready to go wherever you want.
   
4. **Seamless Language Model Communication** - Are you into language models? We've got you. My tool enhances the communication speed between your code and the AI, making conversations fluid.
   
[![Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CRpBg0mb8qY/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtube.com/shorts/CRpBg0mb8qY?si=TqlSQ7E2LlUQREYb)

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Download: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JosefNobach.syntax-extractor.
   
2. Select desired folder's or file's in the Explorer and right-click to use **extractAndCopyText** or **extractFileFolderTree**.
   
3. Syntax extractor automatically walks through all directories and extracts All code from any Language.

## 💌 Feedback and Suggestions

This project is close to my heart, and I've poured hours into it. But it's not perfect (yet!). I would genuinely appreciate your feedback or any cool ideas to make it better. Feel free to open an issue, send a pull request, or even shoot me a direct message.

---

With love,  
Josef Nobach.

---
